RTTVar is not really a variance (#3223)
quicwg/base-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-recovery.md

{{QUIC-TRANSPORT}}) to generate a statistical description of the connection's
RTT. An endpoint computes the following three values: the minimum value
observed over the lifetime of the connection (min_rtt), an

> exponentially-weighted moving average (smoothed_rtt), and the mean deviation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
exponentially-weighted moving average (smoothed_rtt), and the variation
```

Reviewer 2: I would say "variation (or mean deviation)"

> exponentially-weighted moving average (smoothed_rtt), and the mean deviation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
exponentially-weighted moving average (smoothed_rtt), and the variation (or mean deviation)
```

## Estimating smoothed_rtt and rttvar {#smoothed-rtt}

smoothed_rtt is an exponentially-weighted moving average of an endpoint's RTT

> samples, and rttvar is the endpoint's RTT mean deviation in the RTT samples,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
samples, and rttvar is the variation in the RTT samples,
```
